en: set TLS config between drainer and downstream (#595)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-tidb-binlog.md

## Enable TLS

### Enable TLS between TiDB components

If you want to enable TLS for the TiDB cluster and TiDB Binlog, refer to [Enable TLS between Components](enable-tls-between-components.md).

> After you create a secret and start a TiDB cluster with Pump, edit the `values.yaml` file to set `tlsCluster.enabled` to `true`, and configure the corresponding `certAllowedCN`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have created a secret and started a TiDB cluster with Pump, edit the `values.yaml` file to set the `tlsCluster.enabled` value to `true`, and configure the corresponding `certAllowedCN`:
```

If you set the downstream database of `tidb-drainer` to `mysql/tidb`, and if you want to enable TLS between Drainer and the downstream database, take the following steps.

1. Create a secret that contains the TLS information of the downstream database.

    ```bash
    kubectl create secret generic ${downstream_database_secret_name} --namespace=${namespace} --from-file=tls.crt=client.pem --from-file=tls.key=client-key.pem --from-file=ca.crt=ca.pem
    ```

    `tidb-drainer` saves the checkpoint in the downstream database by default, so you only need to configure `tlsSyncer.tlsClientSecretName` and the corresponding `cerAllowedCN`:

    ```yaml
    tlsSyncer:
      tlsClientSecretName: ${downstream_database_secret_name}
      # certAllowedCN:
      #  - TiDB
    ```

2. To save the checkpoint of `tidb-drainer` to **other databases that have enabled TLS**, create a secret that contains the TLS information of the checkpoint database:

    ```bash
    kubectl create secret generic ${checkpoint_tidb_client_secret} --namespace=${namespace} --from-file=tls.crt=client.pem --from-file=tls.key=client-key.pem --from-file=ca.crt=ca.pem
    ```

>     Edit the `values.yaml` file to set `tlsSyncer.checkpoint.tlsClientSecretName` to `${checkpoint_tidb_client_secret}`, and configure the corresponding `certAllowedCN`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Edit the `values.yaml` file to set the `tlsSyncer.checkpoint.tlsClientSecretName` value to `${checkpoint_tidb_client_secret}`, and configure the corresponding `certAllowedCN`:
```
